# Tutoring Web App
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/6L1E50Ojuxw
#### Description:
For my final project, I wanted to create something to give back to my school community, so I developed a web app to host and organize a tutoring system in my school. The web app allows for older students to sign up as tutors and younger students to sign up as tutees. Once tutors add subjects to their list, tutees can pick a certain subject they would like help in, at which point they are immediately allocated an appropriate tutor. The tutor is chosen based on a selection algorithm that ensures that allocations are spread out evenly across tutors, to prevent one tutor from having too many tutees at once.

I used many HTML files for the app, with a dedicated part of the app.py file for most of the html files. The admin.html file presents admin users with three links. These can take the admin user to all_allocations.html, all_tutors.html, all_users.html. The file all_allocations.html allows admin users to see details of all the tutor-tutee allocations. The file all_tutors.html allows admin users to see details of each tutor, including their subjects and how many allocations they have. THe file all_users.html allows admin users to see data about every user on the system, and allows them to edit user account details in the case of forgotten passwords, usernames, etc. The apology.html and success.html files are pages that show apology/success messages to indicate failed/successful actions. The description.html provides a description to users on how the system works. The edit_account.html allows users to edit their own passwords or usernames, or see their account details. The reserve.html file is for a page specific to tutee account types, allowing them to pick a subject for tutoring and submit the request to receive a tutor in that subject. The subject.html file is a page specific to tutor account types, allowing them to add new subjects to their list. The index.html provides the homepage for all account types, but the homepage is different based on whether the user is a tutor or a tutee, so the tutor can see details of allocations with all their tutees, and tutees can see details of all their tutors. The homepage also allows tutors/tutees to contact each other by email in order to arrange specific details for the tutoring.

In app.py, there is program code for what the program should do in any case on any page, from registering to adding subjects to deleting allocations. Pages that should only be available to certain account types (e.g., only admin can view all_users.html) have certain security checks in place to ensure no user is in the wrong place. Passwords are kept secure using hash codes.
